# School-Assignments-Ing
All found assignments for my Master's study in Software engineering 

**Please note that not all succesfully done courses are here, some of the missing ones are team project (blockchain application), logic (model theory, binary desicion diagrams, SAT solvers...), MSUS (Petri nets), Functional programming (Haskell), automats and advanced languages (  .**
• Team project - Blochchain website for students and teachers (something like AIS).
• Logic - Acquiring basic theoretical knowledge of mathematical logic for computer science application, including logic foundations, semantic and syntactic approaches, and nonstandard logics.
• Modeling and simulation of event systems - Learning modeling, simulation, analysis, and synthesis of event-driven systems, specifically using Petri nets, for various application fields.
• Functional programming - Gaining detailed knowledge of the functional language Haskell, understanding functional programming and differences from imperative languages.
• Automats and formal languages - Acquiring advanced knowledge of formal languages, finite automata, stack automata, their usage in compiler construction and machine language translation.
• Algorithms and data structures - Acquiring knowledge of data structures and selected algorithms, with ability to implement these structures for problem-solving.
• Management and acquisition of knowledge - Learning modeling, simulation, analysis, and synthesis of event-driven systems, specifically using Petri nets, for various application fields.
• Architecture of software systems - Developing capability to use design and architectural patterns, understanding SOA-based systems, web services design and implementation, and parallel algorithms.

## A graduate of the master's program in Applied Computer Science:

Graduates of the Applied Computer Science program will acquire the ability to specify, design, implement, and maintain extensive modern software applications for both standard and specialized computer resources. They will be capable of extending the functionality of modern information technology systems, developing, customizing, and implementing modern information technologies in a selected application domain. Applied Computer Science graduates can work effectively as individuals, as members, and as leaders of development teams. They will gain knowledge and insights into areas such as big data, mobile computing, cloud computing, the Internet of Things, and information system security.

In the application domain of Information System Security (ISS), graduates will gain both general and practical knowledge in the field of cryptographic algorithms, information security, secure communication protocols, electronic banking, PKI (public-key infrastructure), biometrics, and machine learning. Employment opportunities for graduates are predominantly in the areas of information systems security and auditing, electronic banking and commerce, cryptographic protection in public administration and special services, implementation and operation of electronic signatures, and the protection of sensitive data.

Graduates of the Modeling and Simulation of Event Systems (MSES) application domain will become familiar with advanced means of specifying information systems, with the UML modeling language, and with formal tools for describing the behavior of event systems, such as Petri nets, StateChart formalisms, and Message Sequence Charts, rewriting logic, or process algebras. They will understand specific phenomena of distributed event systems, especially phenomena such as component communication, interaction, independence, and parallelism, causality, and synchronicity of activities and events in distributed systems. They will be able to apply the acquired knowledge in the design, modeling, and analysis of event systems, in the application area of enterprise system management, workflow processes. They will be capable of developing applications for mobile platforms. Employment opportunities for graduates are primarily in the design of complex distributed information and communication systems and in the area of process modeling and auditing in companies and institutions, but also in the modeling and simulation of production and embedded systems.
